Miss, you are just my patient
You just said it was me
My fiancee.
Just trying to help me out of trouble
He just said that
And they did.
Did they stop talking? I'm sorry?
I didn't expect this.
Ye Xiaoyan, I appreciate your kindness.
But what I, Chen Hao, want, I will get it back myself
It won't be long
The whole Linhai City will know my name, Chen Hao
Go first
This guy is such a stubborn donkey
What about the stubborn donkey?
go home
Aunt Muqiu
Go to work so early?
Let's go after dinner, I'm going to boil eggs
What book does Chen Hao read?
History books I tutor
I heard that Miss Ye proposed to you.
Will you promise him?
Of course not.
I'm not wishing the road with that kind of yellow door daughter
I will return the marriage certificate
Really of course
Then I'm going to work, Sister Muqiu